Okay. So let's get started with our development process.
So in this video, we'll cover steps one and two
of add in the Spring Boot Starter
and also creating an App at the Okta Developer website.
Let's go ahead and open up our pom.xml file.
And we'll move down here to our Dependency section
and we'll add a new Dependency
for the Okta Spring Boot Starter.
Let me zoom in here for a second.
I'll have the basics here for the Dependency.
And I'll go ahead and add the appropriate information
here for the Group ID.
And also the Artifact ID.
And don't worry that it's red right now,
we'll resolve that in a second.
And I'll also add an issue here for the Version.
And now if you'd like to get more details
on this starter here,
you can use the link that I have on the screen.
Now it's red, we can resolve that
by simply just having Maven update the project
or reload the project.
So I'll just swing over here to this pom file
and I'll simply go to Maven and I'll say, "Reload project".
And give it a bit, it's going to download
some of the JAR files from the internet
but then over time, once it does all of its special magic,
then everything is resolved and we're a okay
so that part's good.
Now we'll move to step two of creating an App
at the Okta Developer website.
So we just open up developer.okta.com
and we can sign in with our email
and using the previous account that we already created.
All right, so we're logged in here.
So, they've changed their user interface recently
so things may change again when you see it
but click on Admin.
And then over on the left hand side,
select the link here and then take a look at Applications.
Select the Applications.
On this screen, we're going to go ahead and add an application.
And now we choose Create New App.
For the platform, make sure you have Web selected
and for the sign-on method,
choose the option for OpenID Connect
because that's the protocol that we're using
for logging users into our applications.
And now we can set up some additional pieces of information
or settings here.
For application name, I'll call it,
"Spring Boot Ecommerce Backend".
You can give it any name that you want here.
And then, I'll move down to configuring OpenID Connect.
As for the login, redirect URIs.
I'll give localhost:8080/login/oauth2/code/okta.
Now, you may wonder where this come from.
This URI is automatically exposed
in our Spring Boot application.
This is provided by the Okta Spring Boot Starter
because we added the Dependency in our pom.xml.
So, there's no code that we have to write
to expose this endpoint.
By simply adding the Okta Spring Boot Starter
to our project in that pom.xml,
then Okta will automatically expose this URL.
This is part of the Spring Boot Auto Configuration
and Okta leverages that functionality.
So again, no code you have to write.
You get this endpoint for free
by adding the Spring Boot Starter to your pom.xml file.
Once everything looks good, just go ahead
and hit the Save button and then we're all set up.
So the apps created successfully.
So, we can go ahead and look at some of the items
that are out here,
like the Client Credentials,
like the ID, the secret, the Okta domain, and so on.
And so, we'll use this information in our next video
for setting up properties and so forth.
So this looks really good.
We're in a good shape so far.